release: Fixup v0.0.9 language (#25)
kuzudb/kuzu-docs: blog/2023-10-02-kuzu-v-0.0.9.md

----------------------------------
```

### Recursive Relationship Projection
This release expands recursive relationship patterns and enables projection on intermediate nodes and relationships. Previously, Kùzu only supported returning all node and relationship properties on the path.
```
MATCH (a:User)-[e:Follows*1..2 (r, n | WHERE r.since > 2020)]->(b:User)
RETURN nodes(e), rels(e);
```

> This incurs significant computation overhead when a user is only interested in a subset of properties on the path. Also, returning all properties makes the result harder to interpret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This incurs a significant computational overhead when a user is only interested in a subset of properties on the path. Also, returning all properties makes the result harder to interpret.
```

> Kùzu now allow projection inside recursive relationship patterns using a list-comprehension-like syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kùzu now allows projection inside recursive relationship patterns using a list-comprehension-like syntax.
```

```
MATCH (a:User)-[e:Follows*1..2 (r, n | WHERE r.since > 2020 | {r.since}, {n.name})]->(b:User)
RETURN nodes(e), rels(e);
```

> The query above finds all paths between two users which is between 1 to 2 hops, and where the users have followed eachother after 2020. The query returns the `since` property of any `Follow` relationships and the name of any intermediate users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query above finds all paths between two users which are between 1 and 2 hops, and where the users followed each other after 2020. The query returns the `since` property of any `Follow` relationships and the name of any intermediate users.
```
